# ABP Commercial 4.x to 4.3 Migration Guide

**This release comes with some important changes.** While most of them are not breaking changes, it is strongly suggested to implement these changes in your existing solutions for a smooth upgrade and have no problem with the future releases.

> See also [ABP Framework migration guide](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/4.3/Migration-Guides/Abp-4_3) for the changed made in the ABP Framework.

## Identity Pro Module

With this release, we've published new packages for the [Identity.Pro](https://docs.abp.io/en/commercial/latest/modules/identity) module. Existing applications should replace some usages as described below.

### Package Changes

* Replace `Volo.Abp.Identity.Domain` with the new `Volo.Abp.Identity.Pro.Domain` package and also replace `AbpIdentityDomainModule` usage with `AbpIdentityProDomainModule` in your module's `[DependsOn]` attribute.
* Replace `Volo.Abp.Identity.Domain.Shared` with the new `Volo.Abp.Identity.Pro.Domain.Shared` package and also replace `AbpIdentityDomainSharedModule` usage with `AbpIdentityProDomainSharedModule` in your module's `[DependsOn]` attribute.
* If you are using EF Core, Replace `Volo.Abp.Identity.EntityFrameworkCore` with the new `Volo.Abp.Identity.Pro.EntityFrameworkCore` package and also replace `AbpIdentityEntityFrameworkCoreModule` usage with `AbpIdentityProEntityFrameworkCoreModule` in your module's `[DependsOn]` attribute.
* If you are using MongoDB, Replace `Volo.Abp.Identity.MongoDB` with the new `Volo.Abp.Identity.Pro.MongoDB` package and also replace `AbpIdentityMongoDbModule` usage with `AbpIdentityProMongoDbModule` in your module's `[DependsOn]` attribute.

### Other Changes

* Find `modelBuilder.ConfigureIdentity()` and change by `modelBuilder.ConfigureIdentityPro()` in your EF Core project.
* If you've used `IdentityDbContext`, use `IdentityProDbContext` instead.

## Blazor UI

TODO

## Application Startup Template Changes

TODO

## ABP Framework Migration Guide

See also [ABP Framework migration guide](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/4.3/Migration-Guides/Abp-4_3) for the changed made in the framework.