# ABP Commercial Version 7.3.0-RC.1 Change Logs

> Here, you can find titles of all the issues and pull requests closed in this release. These change logs are too detailed and raw, however you may want to see them. **If you just want to know what's important changes and new with every release, please see [the release notes](../release-notes.md)**.

* Add input names to Identity Pro User modals
* Update IdentityServerDataSeedContributor.cs for support to Impersonation.
* Update versions to 7.3.0.
* Update navigation id usage for JavaScript selectors.
* Allow to add custom grant types of OpenIddict.
* Use multiple target frameworks.
* Use EphemeralMongo to replace Mongo2Go.
* Using Authenticator App in the Account Module.
* Enable uow on AccountProfileTwoFactorManagementGroupViewComponent.
* Add `@abp/qrcode` package to account module's package.json file.
* Skip checking when EmailConfirmed of the user.
* Authority Delegation system for the Tiered Blazor UI.
* Add AbpDddDomainSharedModule to module-pro template.
* Rename `IAbpOpenIddictClaimDestinationsProvider` as `IAbpOpenIddictClaimsPrincipalHandler`.
* Add redirect to login when there is a 401 error.
* Enhance MAUI template.
* Update configureawait.props.
* Account: Enhancements for Authenticator.
* CmsKit pro Module supports module extension configuration.
* Payment: Fix IStringLocalizerFactory not injected problem.
* Fix delegate new user problem with Chinese culture.
* update zonejs to fix typo.
* Account module - Fixed profile picture upload problem.
* ResetRecoveryCodesAsync when ResetAuthenticatorAsync called.
* Fix saas module problem with Chinese culture.
* Suite: Improve finding the ABP version of a solution.
* fix duplicated GdprConfigModule module.
* [CmsKit module] ICmsKitProDbContext is missing DbSets.
* Saas - Edited edition localization on tenants page.
* Ensure new password is different from current password.
* Revert Split Ldap and OAuth settings views.
* Audit Logging: Show date in a proper format in Entity History (MVC & Blazor).
* Close other dropdown when a dropdown is displayed.
* Update to angular 16.
* Suite: Fix extra comma problem in appservice update method.
* Upgrade to Blazorise 1.2.3.
* Suite: Fix extra comma problem in manager update method.
* app-pro: Add authority in appsettings.json file for blazor-server.
* allow to add custom grant types of OpenIddict.
* Check token expiration.
* Fix OrganizationUnits treeview.
* OpenIddict DataSeeder enhancements.
* Fix indentation on MyProjectNameHttpApiHostModule.cs.
* Update nighly build for @abp/nx.generator.
* Add AbpAspNetCoreComponentsMauiBlazorModule to MauiBlazor project.
* Fix nighly build for Angular.
* Add GlobalFeatureConfigurator to services.
* Microservice Docker image tests and enhancements using Dockerfile for CI&CD.
* Add GlobalFeatureConfigurator to services.
* Improve MAUIBlazor template.
* show tenant's email info muted text
* remove unused parameters on angular projects.
* App-pro template: Update docker deployment - No Layers.
* Add date pipe on audit log.
* Update LeptonX package versions to v2.3.x for application startup templates.
* Update to angular 16 for templates.
* Add tooltip information to EditionEndDate in Saas module.
* add tooltip on tenants-page for angular UI.
* Update version for release to 7.3.0-rc.1.